OpenSearchCon Europe 2025 blog (#3539)
opensearch-project/project-website: _posts/2025-01-13-announcing-OpenSearchCon-europe-2025.md

---
layout: post
title:  "Announcing OpenSearchCon Europe 2025"
authors:
- krisfreedain
- jamesmcintyre
- daryllswager
date: 2025-01-09
categories:
  - community
meta_keywords: opensearchcon Europe, opensearchcon europe, opensearchcon amsterdam, opensearch user conference, opensearch Europe, opensearch Europe conference, opensearch cfp, opensearch call for proposals, opensearch exhibits, opensearch sponsorship
meta_description: OpenSearchCon Europe comes to Amsterdam with two days of learning and networking for developers, IT professionals, and business leaders. Join the OpenSearch community 30 April and 1 May at the Mövenpick Hotel Amsterdam.
---

![OpenSearchCon Europe 2025](/assets/media/blog-images/2025-01-13-announcing-OpenSearchCon-europe-2025/OpenSearchConEU2025-banner.png){:class="img-centered"}

> We are delighted to announce [OpenSearchCon Europe 2025](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/opensearchcon-europe/), the premier event for the OpenSearch community in Europe! Mark your calendars for April 30 and May 1 as we bring together developers, IT professionals, and business leaders in Amsterdam for an immersive exploration of the world of open-source search and analytics.

Reviewer: Do we want to use "30 April" and "1 May" given the audience?

> ## Event Highlights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Event highlights
```

> This year’s OpenSearchCon Europe conference promises to be an exciting gathering of minds, featuring:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This year's OpenSearchCon Europe conference promises to be an exciting gathering of minds, featuring:
```

> 

Reviewer: Line 21: "conference" could probably be safely removed.

> * Presentations from industry leaders and OpenSearch core contributors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Presentations from industry leaders and OpenSearch core contributors.
```

> * Technical deep dives and hands-on workshops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Technical deep dives and hands-on workshops.
```

> * Case studies and success stories from organizations leveraging OpenSearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Case studies and success stories from organizations leveraging OpenSearch.
```

> * Networking opportunities with peers and experts in the field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Networking opportunities with peers and experts in the field.
```

> * Exhibition area showcasing the latest innovations in the OpenSearch ecosystem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An exhibition area showcasing the latest innovations in the OpenSearch ecosystem.
```

> ## Why Attend?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why attend?
```

Whether you're a seasoned OpenSearch user or just beginning your journey, OpenSearchCon Europe 2025 offers something for everyone:

> * Learn about the latest features and roadmap for OpenSearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Learn about the latest features and roadmap for OpenSearch.
```

> * Gain insights into best practices for deployment, scaling, and optimization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Gain insights into best practices for deployment, scaling, and optimization.
```

> * Explore real-world applications of OpenSearch across various industries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Explore real-world applications of OpenSearch across various industries.
```

> * Contribute to the future direction of the project through community sessions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contribute to the future direction of the project through community sessions.
```

> * Connect and network with folks you might collaborate with in the future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Connect and network with folks you might collaborate with in the future.
```

> ## Call for Proposals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call for proposals
```

> We invite speakers to share their knowledge and experiences with the community. Our call for proposals is now open, covering topics such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our call for proposals is now open. We invite speakers to share their knowledge and experience with the community in the following areas:
```

* Search: Connect with other search and relevance practitioners with demos, deep dives, or new and novel techniques for building rich search applications.

> * Analytics, Security, and Observability: Deploying observability tools at scale? Using OpenSearch to turn log data into insights, or to help protect your infrastructure? We want to hear from you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Analytics, Security, and Observability: Deploying observability tools at scale? Using OpenSearch to turn log data into insights or to help protect your infrastructure? We want to hear from you!
```

* Community: Engage a community of builders on a topic that means something to you. Anything that might educate and inspire a community of open-source technologists is up for consideration here.
* Operating OpenSearch: Have you have built out an implementation of OpenSearch? Do you use OpenSearch in a solution that helps your own business or project? Share how you operate OpenSearch.

> [Submit your proposal](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/opensearchcon-europe/program/cfp/) by January 19th for a chance to present at OpenSearchCon Europe 2025.

Reviewer: "19 January"?

## Registration

> Early bird registration is now open! Secure your spot at OpenSearchCon Europe 2025 and take advantage of discounted rates available for a limited time. [Register now!](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/opensearchcon-europe/register/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Early bird registration is now open! Secure your spot at OpenSearchCon Europe 2025 and take advantage of discounted rates available for a limited time. [Register now](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/opensearchcon-europe/register/)!
```

> ## Sponsorship Opportunities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sponsorship opportunities
```

> Showcase your brand and connect with the OpenSearch community by becoming a sponsor. Various sponsorship packages are available to suit different goals and budgets. [Learn more](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/opensearchcon-europe/sponsor/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Showcase your brand and connect with the OpenSearch community by becoming a sponsor. Various sponsorship packages are available to suit different goals and budgets. Learn more [here](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/opensearchcon-europe/sponsor/).
```

> ## Stay Updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Stay updated
```

> For the latest information on speakers, schedules, and special events, follow us on social media and watch this space:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the latest information on speakers, schedules, and special events, follow us on social media:
```

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/opensearch-project/) - [Mastodon](https://fosstodon.org/@OpenSearchProject) - [X/Twitter](https://x.com/OpenSearchProj)

> For questions, please feel free to reach out on the [#opensearchcon](https://opensearch.slack.com/archives/C05K9ER975Z) channel on [Slack](https://opensearch.org/slack.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions, feel free to reach out on the [#opensearchcon](https://opensearch.slack.com/archives/C05K9ER975Z) channel on [Slack](https://opensearch.org/slack.html).
```
